Initial content for Arrow Cookbook for Python and R (#1)
apache/arrow-cookbook: python/source/index.rst

.. Apache Arrow Cookbook documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Wed Jun 16 10:33:09 2021.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Apache Arrow Python Cookbook
============================

> The Apache Arrow Cookbook is a collection of recipes to solve the
> most common tasks that users might need to perform the "arrow way",
> trying to document robust and well performing solutions to those tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Apache Arrow Cookbook is a collection of recipes which demonstrate
how to solve many common tasks that users might need to perform
when working with arrow data.  The examples in this cookbook will also
serve as robust and well performing solutions to those tasks.
```
